docs: Add details on using Skia (#20171)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/interop/wasm-javascript-2.md

### 1. Create the projects

🎯 This section is very similar to the [Create a Counter App with Uno Platform](xref:Uno.Workshop.Counter) tutorial in the official documentation.

> Create a [new Uno Platform App project](xref:Uno.GetStarted) using one of the getting started, using a blank or recommended template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a [new Uno Platform App project](xref:Uno.GetStarted) using one of the getting started **blank** or **recommended** presets.
```

This sample is a very simple integration as there is no _callback_ from HTML to managed code and _PrismJS_ is a self-contained framework (it does not download any other JavaScript dependencies).
Some additional improvements can be done to make the code more production ready:

> * **Make the control multi-platform**. An other would be to use a [WebView](xref:Uno.Controls.WebView2) on other platforms, giving the exact same text-rendering framework everywhere. The code of this sample won't run on non-WebAssembly targets.
> * **Use script files instead of using `ExecuteJavascript`**. That would have the advantage of improving performance and make it easier to debug the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Make the control multi-platform**. Another would be to use a [WebView](xref:Uno.Controls.WebView2) on other platforms, giving the exact same text-rendering framework everywhere. The code of this sample won't run on non-WebAssembly targets.
* **Use script files instead of using `ExecuteJavascript`**. That would have the advantage of improving performance and making it easier to debug the code.
```
